docs(community): Add Hacktoberfest page (#2041)
spinnaker/spinnaker.github.io: community/hacktoberfest/index.md

---
layout: single
title:  "Hacktoberfest"
sidebar:
  nav: community
---

> [Hacktoberfest](https://hacktoberfest.digitalocean.com/) is a month-long global celebration of open source software that happens every year in October. During this event, anyone can support open source by contributing changes, which earn swag and recognition from the [Continuous Delivery Foundation](https://cd.foundation), our parent organization.

Reviewer: There's a little confusion in this paragraph about Hacktoberfest being bigger than just Spinnaker and the CDF, but swag coming from CDF for Spinnaker contribs. The confusion is in the phrase "During this event," which refers to Hacktoberfest. 

Maybe: "During this event, you can contribute to Spinnaker and earn swag and recognition from the [CDF]..."

Author: Good suggestion. I ended up getting rid of the word "event" to avoid any confusion. It just says "During the month of October" now since...it isn't really an event.

> We invite everyone to participate and to contribute to the Spinnaker project, regardless of their background and Spinnaker experience. There are many ways to contribute to Spinnaker during Hacktoberfest and other contributor events. You can work on code or documentation, assist community members in [Spinnaker Slack](http://join.spinnaker.io), or answer [StackOverflow questions](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/spinnaker). You can also share your experiences with Spinnaker by creating a new blog post, video, or social media steam. For more information on eligible contributions, see the [What to Hack](/community/gardening/what-to-hack/) page. For help getting started as a Spinnaker contributor, visit the [Contributing](/community/contributing/) page.

Reviewer: I'm in favor of breaking out items into a list: 
* work on code or docs
* assist community members
* answer StackOverflow questions

Author: Like this idea, doing it. Otherwise ppl won't read it, good call

> We invite everyone to participate and to contribute to the Spinnaker project, regardless of their background and Spinnaker experience. There are many ways to contribute to Spinnaker during Hacktoberfest and other contributor events. You can work on code or documentation, assist community members in [Spinnaker Slack](http://join.spinnaker.io), or answer [StackOverflow questions](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/spinnaker). You can also share your experiences with Spinnaker by creating a new blog post, video, or social media steam. For more information on eligible contributions, see the [What to Hack](/community/gardening/what-to-hack/) page. For help getting started as a Spinnaker contributor, visit the [Contributing](/community/contributing/) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We invite everyone to participate and to contribute to the Spinnaker project, regardless of their background and Spinnaker experience. There are many ways to contribute to Spinnaker during Hacktoberfest and other contributor events. You can work on code or documentation, assist community members in [Spinnaker Slack](http://join.spinnaker.io), or answer [StackOverflow questions](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/spinnaker). You can also share your experiences with Spinnaker by creating a new blog post, video, or social media steam. 

For more information on eligible contributions, see the [What to Hack](/community/gardening/what-to-hack/) page. For help getting started as a Spinnaker contributor, visit the [Contributing](/community/contributing/) page.
```

> All pull requests, issues, and PR or issue comments made to the `spinnaker` and `spinnaker-hackathon` organizations on GitHub count as contributions. Here are some ideas to get you started:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of the following count as contributions, as long as they're made to the `spinnaker` and `spinnaker-hackathon` organizations :
* pull requests
* issues
* comments on PRs and issues

Here are some ideas to get you started:
```

- [Beginner-friendly issues on GitHub](https://github.com/spinnaker/spinnaker/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22beginner+friendly%22)
- [Project ideas](https://github.com/spinnaker-hackathon/gardening/blob/master/project-ideas.md) from Gardening Days, the Spinnaker hackathon program

### Hacktoberfest versus Gardening Days

> The Spinnaker community is experimenting with new ways to invite contributors into our community, and that may cause some confusion. We launched the Spinnaker Gardening Days hackathon program this year and have created new resources meant to assist contributors in those events and beyond. Thus, if you are participating in CDF's Hacktoberfest and explore Spinnaker contribution, you may see links to Gardening Days resources. Feel free to use those resources to help you get set up to contribute as part of Hacktoberfest. YOu can also use the [#gardening-general](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/CV4A90DPF) channel in [Slack](http://join.spinnaker.io) to ask questions about contributing and get to know the community.

Reviewer: Next year, "this year" will now be false. 😁

Author: true, will get rid of it. I used that because I think this page will need to be nuked next year for a variety of reasons but...point taken

> The Spinnaker community is experimenting with new ways to invite contributors into our community, and that may cause some confusion. We launched the Spinnaker Gardening Days hackathon program this year and have created new resources meant to assist contributors in those events and beyond. Thus, if you are participating in CDF's Hacktoberfest and explore Spinnaker contribution, you may see links to Gardening Days resources. Feel free to use those resources to help you get set up to contribute as part of Hacktoberfest. YOu can also use the [#gardening-general](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/CV4A90DPF) channel in [Slack](http://join.spinnaker.io) to ask questions about contributing and get to know the community.

Reviewer: "if you are participating in CDF's Hacktoberfest..."
But it's not CDF's, right?

Author: Well, the CDF's Hacktoberfest is the thing that they would sign up for to get the rewards. So technically Hacktoberfest belongs to digitalocean but DO doesn't care if you contribute to Spinnaker. 

I think this will make more sense when I can add the link from that text to the splash page or registration for the CDF's program. @dorbin what do you think? I can't yet because the web page is not live but it will be soon and I can quickly update

Reviewer: Yeah, @dnilasor, I see what you're saying, and I think that'll work fine.

- Work on core or plugin code
- Write and improve documentation
- Assist community members in [Spinnaker Slack](http://join.spinnaker.io)
- Answer [StackOverflow questions](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/spinnaker)
- Share your experiences with Spinnaker by creating a new blog post, video, or social media steam 

For more information on eligible contributions, see the [What to Hack](/community/gardening/what-to-hack/) page. For help getting started as a Spinnaker contributor, visit the [Contributing](/community/contributing/) page.

All of the following GitHub events count as contributions, as long as they're made to the `spinnaker` and `spinnaker-hackathon` organizations:
* pull requests
* issues
* comments on PRs and issues

Here are some ideas to get you started:
- [Beginner-friendly issues on GitHub](https://github.com/spinnaker/spinnaker/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3A%22beginner+friendly%22)
- [Project ideas](https://github.com/spinnaker-hackathon/gardening/blob/master/project-ideas.md) from Gardening Days, the Spinnaker hackathon program

### Hacktoberfest versus Gardening Days

> The Spinnaker community is experimenting with new ways to invite contributors into our community, and that may cause some confusion. Since launching the Spinnaker Gardening Days hackathon program, we have created new resources meant to assist contributors in those events and beyond. Thus, if you are participating in CDF's Hacktoberfest and explore Spinnaker contribution, you may see links to Gardening Days resources. Feel free to use those resources to help you get set up to contribute as part of Hacktoberfest. YOu can also use the [#gardening-general](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/CV4A90DPF) channel in [Slack](http://join.spinnaker.io) to ask questions about contributing and get to know the community.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Spinnaker community is experimenting with new ways to invite contributors into our community, and that may cause some confusion. Since launching the Spinnaker Gardening Days hackathon program, we have created new resources meant to assist contributors in those events and beyond. Thus, if you are participating in Hacktoberfest and explore Spinnaker contribution, you may see links to Gardening Days resources. Feel free to use those resources to help you get set up to contribute as part of Hacktoberfest. You can also use the [#gardening-general](https://spinnakerteam.slack.com/archives/CV4A90DPF) channel in [Slack](http://join.spinnaker.io) to ask questions about contributing and get to know the community.
